README.md, before:

# C++ Tutorials

##### Switch Statement => SwitchStatement.CPP
A switch statement allows a variable to be tested for equality against a list of values. Each value is called a case, and the variable being switched on is checked for each case. An example of switch statment on grading system.

##### Class => DateClass.CPP
Class is main block of Object Oriented programming.
DateClass.CPP is basic class example of a DATE which display user input date in user defind format.
##### Dynamic Array => DynamicArray.CPP 
A dynamically allocated array is declared as a pointer, and must not use the fixed array size declaration. Example of dynamic array used in a class to create a demo student information recording system. 

##### Constructor/Destructor => ConstructorDestructor.CPP
Constructor is a special function of a class that is executed whenever we create new objects of that class.
A destructor is a special member function of a class that is executed whenever an object of it's class goes out of scope or whenever the delete expression is applied to a pointer to the object of that class.

##### Composition => Composition.CPP
There are two basic subtypes of object composition: composition and aggregation. Composition.CPP is basic example of how to implement composition

##### Cardinality,Equality,Cartesian,Union,Intersection,Difference => SetOperations.CPP
The cardinality of a set is a measure of the number of elements of the set.
Equality of sets is defined as set A is said to be equal to set B if both sets have the same elements or members of the sets, i.e. if each element of set A also belongs to each element of set B, and each element of set B also belongs to each element of set A.
If A and B are two non-empty sets, then their Cartesian product A × B is the set of all ordered pair of elements from A and B.
The union (denoted by ∪) of a collection of sets is the set of all elements in the collection.
The intersection A ∩ B of two sets A and B is the set that contains all elements of A that also belong to B. 
Differece of 2 given sets A and B is the set of all element in A, but not in B.

##### Singly Linked List => Single.CPP
Singly Linked Lists are a type of data structure. In a singly linked list, each node in the list stores the contents and a pointer or reference to the next node in the list. It does not store any pointer or reference to the previous node. To store a single linked list, only the reference or pointer to the first node in that list must be stored. The last node in a single linked list points to nothing.


##### Double Linked List => Double.CPP
 Doubly linked list is a linked data structure that consists of a set of sequentially linked records called nodes. Each node contains two fields, called links, that are references to the previous and to the next node in the sequence of nodes. The beginning and ending nodes' previous and next links, respectively, point to some kind of terminator, typically a sentinel node or null, to facilitate traversal of the list.

Commit message:

Example of copy construtor of a class.

README.md, after:

# C++ Tutorials

##### Switch Statement => SwitchStatement.CPP
A switch statement allows a variable to be tested for equality against a list of values. Each value is called a case, and the variable being switched on is checked for each case. An example of switch statment on grading system.

##### Class => DateClass.CPP
Class is main block of Object Oriented programming.
DateClass.CPP is basic class example of a DATE which display user input date in user defind format.
##### Dynamic Array => DynamicArray.CPP 
A dynamically allocated array is declared as a pointer, and must not use the fixed array size declaration. Example of dynamic array used in a class to create a demo student information recording system. 

##### Constructor/Destructor => ConstructorDestructor.CPP
Constructor is a special function of a class that is executed whenever we create new objects of that class.
A destructor is a special member function of a class that is executed whenever an object of it's class goes out of scope or whenever the delete expression is applied to a pointer to the object of that class.

##### Composition => Composition.CPP
There are two basic subtypes of object composition: composition and aggregation. Composition.CPP is basic example of how to implement composition

##### Cardinality,Equality,Cartesian,Union,Intersection,Difference => SetOperations.CPP
The cardinality of a set is a measure of the number of elements of the set.
Equality of sets is defined as set A is said to be equal to set B if both sets have the same elements or members of the sets, i.e. if each element of set A also belongs to each element of set B, and each element of set B also belongs to each element of set A.
If A and B are two non-empty sets, then their Cartesian product A × B is the set of all ordered pair of elements from A and B.
The union (denoted by ∪) of a collection of sets is the set of all elements in the collection.
The intersection A ∩ B of two sets A and B is the set that contains all elements of A that also belong to B. 
Differece of 2 given sets A and B is the set of all element in A, but not in B.

##### Singly Linked List => Single.CPP
Singly Linked Lists are a type of data structure. In a singly linked list, each node in the list stores the contents and a pointer or reference to the next node in the list. It does not store any pointer or reference to the previous node. To store a single linked list, only the reference or pointer to the first node in that list must be stored. The last node in a single linked list points to nothing.


##### Double Linked List => Double.CPP
Doubly linked list is a linked data structure that consists of a set of sequentially linked records called nodes. Each node contains two fields, called links, that are references to the previous and to the next node in the sequence of nodes. The beginning and ending nodes' previous and next links, respectively, point to some kind of terminator, typically a sentinel node or null, to facilitate traversal of the list.

##### Copy Constructor => CopyConstructor.CPP
The copy constructor is a constructor which creates an object by initializing it with an object of the same class, which has been created previously. The copy constructor is used to:
Initialize one object from another of the same type.
Copy an object to pass it as an argument to a function.
Copy an object to return it from a function.
If a copy constructor is not defined in a class, the compiler itself defines one.If the class has pointer variables and has some dynamic memory allocations, then it is a must to have a copy constructor.
